Update doc around supportability (#15075)
Azure/azure-powershell: documentation/announcing-az-module.md

# Announcing New Module 'Az'

> In August 2018 we released a new module, 'Az' which combines the functionality of the AzureRM and AzureRM.Netcore modules.  Az will go to version 1.0 on 12/18/2018. Az runs on both Windows PowerShell 5.1 and PowerShell 7.  'Az' ensures that the Windows PowerShell and PowerShell 7 cmdlets for managing Azure resources will always be in sync and up to date.  In addition, Az will simplify and regularize the naming of Azure cmdlets, and the organization of Azure modules.  Az is intended as a replacement for the AzureRM.Netcore and AzureRM modules.

Author: Az will go to version ....
=>
Az goes to version ...

### Installing Az and AzureRM Side-by-Side

Az and AzureRM cannot be imported side-by-side into the same PowerShell session.  If you do not want to migrate your scripts from AzureRM to Az right away, there are two main options:
- Install Az in PowerShell 7, and leave AzureRM in Windows PowerShell
- Install Az and AzureRM side-by-side in Windows PowerShell and ensure scripts do not mix the modules

#### Install Az in PowerShell 7

> You can follow the instructions in [Installing PowerShell 7 on Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-core-on-windows?view=powershell-6

Author: ```suggestion
You can follow the instructions in [Installing PowerShell 7 on Windows](hhttps://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-core-on-windows
```

Reviewer: Although doc site will redirect to latest version, will remove `?view=powershell-6`, `en-us` is unnecessary as user may from non-English courtry.
